Describe the Chart - Strips demo (#453)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Charts/Strips/description.md

> A strip is a colored piece of the **Chart**'s background that highlights a range of values.

Reviewer: > To configure strips, declare an array of objects in the argumentAxis.strips[] or valueAxis.strips[] property.

When reading for the first time, it was unclear why there are two options to add strips. Turned out that if `strips` is inside `argumentAxis`, the strip is vertical (horizontal for valueAxis). That's why the suggestion:
```suggestion
A strip is a colored piece of the **Chart**'s background that highlights a range of values on the argument or value axes.
```

Author: Sorry, but what are the other options except argument and value axes? Each chart has these axes (and we can have even more value axes). 

Then, why 'or'? We can specify strips for both axes if we need to, the only thing is that it will look ugly.

Reviewer 2: I don't like the explanation that "a strip is a piece of background". A strip is a regular word people should know. And if they don't, they'll figure it out anyway in this demo. 

How about something like this:

```suggestion
The **Chart** can display background strips that highlight value ranges.
```

> To configure strips, declare an array of objects in the **argumentAxis**.[strips[]](Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/strips/) or **valueAxis**.[strips[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/) option. Each object in this array configures and individual strip. This demo shows two strips on the value axis, and how to configure the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/)'s [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/#text) and **font**.[color](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/font/#color) options for each strip separately.

Reviewer 3: > ... configures and individual strip. This demo shows two strips ...

There's gotta be information about startValue and endValue somewhere in between these two sentences.

> This demo shows **two strips** on the value axis, and **how to configure** ...

This sentence reads poorly because "and" connects different parts of speech. I suggest splitting it in two.

> To configure strips, declare an array of objects in the **argumentAxis**.[strips[]](Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/strips/) or **valueAxis**.[strips[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/) property. Each object in this array configures an individual strip. The [startValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#startValue) and [endValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#endValue) properties define limits of the area which a strip occupies. This demo shows two strips on the value axis. We configure the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/)'s [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/#text) and **font**.[color](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/font/#color) properties for each strip separately.

Reviewer 2: A couple of minor suggestions. I want to break this into two paragraphs. And "which" is a sign of a complicated sentence. 

```suggestion
To configure strips, declare an array of objects in the **argumentAxis**.[strips[]](Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/strips/) or **valueAxis**.[strips[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/) property. Each object in this array configures an individual strip. The [startValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#startValue) and [endValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#endValue) properties define the highlight range. 

This demo shows two value axis strips. The code configures [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/)'s [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/#text) and **font**.[color](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/font/#color) properties for each strip separately.
```

> To configure strips, declare an array of objects in the **argumentAxis**.[strips[]](Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/strips/) or **valueAxis**.[strips[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/) property. Each object in this array configures and individual strip. The [startValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#startValue) and [endValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#endValue) properties define limits of the area which a strip occupies. This demo shows two strips on the value axis. We configure the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/)'s [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/#text) and **font**.[color](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/font/#color) properties for each strip separately.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To configure strips, declare an array of objects in the **argumentAxis**.[strips[]](Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/strips/) or **valueAxis**.[strips[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/) property. Each object in this array configures an individual strip. The [startValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#startValue) and [endValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#endValue) properties define limits of the area which a strip occupies. This demo shows two strips on the value axis. We configure the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/)'s [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/#text) and **font**.[color](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/font/#color) properties for each strip separately.
```

> You can specify the appearance of the strips in the [stripStyle](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/) object for the value axis, argument axis, or for both axes in the [commonAxisSettings](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/commonAxisSettings/) object. Individual settings override common settings. In this demo, we specify the font [weight](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/label/font/#weight) and [size](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/label/font/#size) options for all strips labels on the value axis. 

Reviewer 3: Fixing the following issues: 

- stripStyle is for specifying the same appearance for multiple strips.
- The first sentence had too much information.
- The "in this demo" part wasn't connected to the rest of the paragraph.

```suggestion
You can specify the same appearance for all strips on a specific axis or in the **Chart**. To do this, declare the [stripStyle](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/) object in the [valueAxis](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/), [argumentAxis](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/), or [commonAxisSettings](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/commonAxisSettings/) object. Individual settings override common settings. In this demo, we use the **stripStyle** object to specify the font [weight](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/label/font/#weight) and [size](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/label/font/#size) for all strip labels on the value axis. 
```

> You can specify the same appearance for all strips on a specific axis or in the **Chart**. To do this, declare the [stripStyle](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/) object in the [valueAxis](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/), [argumentAxis](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/), or [commonAxisSettings](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/commonAxisSettings/) object. Individual settings override common settings. In this demo, we use the **stripStyle** object to specify the font [weight](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/label/font/#weight) and [size](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/label/font/#size) for all strip labels on the value axis. 

Reviewer: A specific axis is also in the Chart. That's why
```suggestion
You can specify the same appearance for strips on a specific axis or all axes. To do this, declare the [stripStyle](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/) object in the [valueAxis](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/), [argumentAxis](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/), or [commonAxisSettings](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/commonAxisSettings/) object. Individual settings override common settings. In this demo, we use the **stripStyle** object to specify the font [weight](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/label/font/#weight) and [size](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/stripStyle/label/font/#size) for all strip labels on the value axis. 
```

Author: I guess that Roman's logic in this sentence was the following: same appearance both for all strips on an axis and in the Chart.

The **Chart** can display background strips that highlight value ranges.

> To configure strips, declare an array of objects in the **argumentAxis**.[strips[]](Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/strips/) or **valueAxis**.[strips[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/) property. Each object in this array configures an individual strip. The [startValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#startValue) and [endValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#endValue) properties define the highlight range. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To configure strips, declare an array of objects in the **argumentAxis**.[strips[]](Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/strips/) or **valueAxis**.[strips[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/) property. Each object in this array configures an individual strip. The [startValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#startValue) and [endValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/#endValue) properties define the highlighted range. 
```

> This demo shows two value axis strips. The code configures [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/)'s [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/#text) and **font**.[color](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/font/#color) properties for each strip separately.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This demo shows two value axis strips. The code configures [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/)'s [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/#text) and **font**.[color](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/strips/label/font/#color) properties for each strip.
```
